well some more eBay junk today here's a
Samsung LCD monitor 2494 sync master and
they said it doesn't work properly so
I'm hoping the screens not broke because
I want to take it apart and get it going
this is a one of the nicer monitors
actually well the screen doesn't look
cracked but there's something rattling
around inside that sounds like a screw
and I do have all the stand and
everything else with it it was actually
in the original packaging and everything
so it's kind of nice safe and shipping
that way but let me pull the back off
and find out what's loose in there and
more importantly find out what's wrong
with it so far this looks a lot like the
22 inch Samsung that I fixed sometime
thing goes back in January even has that
same rattle a metal cover and I think
speaking of rattle I think this standoff
here is inside this cage rattling around
probably what I heard I don't know how
it would have got in there but find out
in a second I didn't have too much
trouble getting the back cover off this
one you know it snaps all in place but
using my little plastic prying tools I
was able to get the whole thing off
without putting dents and gouges in the
plastic that you would normally do to
the plastic if you use a flat bladed
screwdriver you should always try to use
something that's softer than whatever
you're praying on and of course it it
screws the end of the tool up pretty bad
after a while but that's very cheap
compared to replacing the bezel of the
monitor and it looks much nicer that way
instead of having all these these dents
from using a screwdriver you can't even
really tell it's been taken apart there
anyway let me pull this cage off and see
if it's got those same bad capacitors
that I always find in the Samsungs from
what I can tell already it looks
identical to that 22 inch so it's
probably the same set of bad capacitors
again and there was that standoff inside
the cage there so
that's all that rail was just like I
thought let me pull this thing out and
move on with the repair surprised to see
that none of these caps of bulging see
what are these they're those same crappy
Sanwa capacitors though let me do an ESR
check and also check a few things with
my meter and make sure everything is
good probably going to end up having
some weird problem wrong with this
monitor wouldn't know in my look long as
the LCD panel is not crack I don't
really care I can fix anything else I
probably should have tested this thing
before I took it apart but you see the
dose here when I turn on the main power
Moo sounds like another arcing backlight
just like that Hinds G but it's on
Wow they're going to know the broken CFL
connection in there this ought to be fun
or listen to that thing burn those have
a nice picture though while it's on so
let me see if I can take care of this
without breaking the panel speaking of
the Hinds G this is another one that's
got the exact same style metal cover and
the same LVDS connector I'm starting to
wonder if that Hinds G panel is a
rebadged AU Optronics panel because it's
got the same problem same design same
metal bezel so I got a feeling I'm in
for some real crap fixing this backlight
well damn it the screen fell out again
let's see if I can do this again just
like before but maybe a little better
this time
there's the backlight diffuser and here
we go well I got the screen out of
harm's way for now but I'm afraid that
the self-adhesive ribbon cables are
going to come off that board died I had
slipped a few times and they got pulled
on a little bit but I think amazingly
it's still not cracked here's the
backlight and diffuser assembly and one
of the lenses and you can see there the
broken wire off the CFL now to try to
figure out how to get this back light
assembly off the diffuser it's not not
attached like the last one was well I
took that big plastic diffuser and those
two lenses out and can't really see but
there's the CFL tubes right there
and boy
just held in by that rubber unblocked
this it's going to be really hard to try
to solder without shattering these
little tubes I've got to give it a shot
though Hardy tore it apart this far this
is not going to be fun it's pretty burnt
I don't know if I can even get some
fresh metal in there to cider that wire
back in and it's probably going to short
to the other one even if I do hmm I
can't take the CFL out of the assembly
because the other wires go back behind
that metal plate I'm not sure what to do
I guess I've got to keep digging out the
brunt stuff first see if I can expose
some fresh metal on that end of that CFL
figures I just barely get one attached
and the other one breaks off and the
first one is just just barely hanging on
there the end of that CFL is so oxidized
and burned and and the wire too and I
had to use separate flux and a lot of
scraping and tinting and retaining and
it just would not take solder but I got
the white one on there now I'm getting
ready to try to get the pink one back on
and then if I can get silicone back in
there without breaking the wires back
off I might be good to go I guess we'll
see well after a long nightmare of
reattaching those stupid cables over and
over the solder kept breaking off the
CFL and I had to keep digging the
back out while it was still wet and
starting all over again I had to go
through the same crap I did with that
Hinds G only ten times worse but check
this out no no pieces of dirt behind the
screen go ahead and put some graphics up
and see what the color looks like and
picture on this thing is pretty sweet
considering all the crap it just went
through really hope it holds up hope
that doesn't start arcing again because
this is really going to be nice to have
on my other
down here wish I could have got more
footage of putting everything back
together but it was just it was just too
much
and now I had other things going on so
didn't get a chance to go into detail on
this one but it's all back together and
let's hope it keeps on working